---
title: NuGet Error NU1012
description: NU1012 error code
author: nkolev92
ms.author: nikolev
ms.date: 01/02/2022
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1012"
---

# NuGet Error NU1012

## Scenario 1

> Platform version is not present for one or more target frameworks, even though they have specified a platform: net6.0-android.

### Issue

You have specified a target framework with a platform in your project file but the platform version is not available.

### Solution

- If you are specifying `TargetPlatformVersion` manually, please ensure a version is included.
- If you are using the .NET SDK, and the TargetFramework(s) property contains `net6.0-android`, the .NET SDK is supposed to automatically add a platform version. If you are experiencing this, file an issue at [dotnet/sdk](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues).

## Scenario 2

> Some dependency group TFMs are missing a platform version: net6.0-android

### Issue

When creating a package for a framework with a platform such as `android`, you need to specify the correct platform version.

### Solution

Specify the platform version in your nuspec.

Example: `<group targetFramework="net6.0-android32.0">`

If you are using the pack targets, the platform version will be automatically inferred.

## Scenario 3

Some included files are included under TFMs which are missing a platform version: lib/net6.0-android/Foo.dll, build/net9.0-windows/Foo.props

### Issue

Some of the files being packaged according to the NuGet packaging conventions have framework parts that are missing a platform version.

### Solution

Specify the platform version in your nuspec or in the pack extensibility targets in your project file.

Example: `lib/net6.0-android32.0/Foo.dll`, `build/net9.0-windows10.0.19041/Foo.props`
