---
title: NuGet Error NU1100
description: NU1100 error code
author: zhili1208
ms.author: lzhi
ms.date: 06/25/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1100"
---

# NuGet Error NU1100

## Scenario 1

<pre>Unable to resolve 'Dependency (>= 1.0.0)' for 'TargetFramework'</pre>

### Issue

A dependency could not be resolved. This is a generic issue for types that are not packages or projects.

### Solution 1

Open the project file and examine the list of its dependencies. Check that each dependency exists on the package sources you're using, and that the package supports the project's target framework.

### Solution 2

This issue may also be caused by the lack of configured NuGet sources.

Sometimes a configuration may not specify any sources. You can verify this by running [`dotnet nuget list source`](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-list-source) from the project or solution directory.

Your configuration may not be specifying any sources. Check the content of the [user configuration](../../consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior.md#config-file-locations-and-uses) and add a source there.

Alternatively, you can create a configuration file using [`dotnet new nugetconfig`](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new). We recommend that you create this file at the repository level.

## Scenario 2

<pre> Unable to resolve 'Dependency (>= 1.0.0)' for 'TargetFramework'.  PackageSourceMapping is enabled, the following source(s) were not considered: nuget. </pre>

### Issue

A dependency could not be resolved. PackageSourceMapping is enabled and there are no matching sources.

### Solution

Check your [NuGet.Config](../../consume-packages/Configuring-NuGet-Behavior.md) for the [PackageSourceMapping](../../consume-packages/Package-Source-Mapping.md) configuration and ensure there's a matching pattern for the package in question.
