---
title: NuGet Error NU1102
description: NU1102 error code
author: zhili1208
ms.author: lzhi
ms.date: 06/25/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1102"
---

# NuGet Error NU1102

## Scenario 1

> Unable to find package 'PackageId' with version (>= 9.0.1)<br/> - Found 30 version(s) in 'sourceA' [ Nearest version: '4.0.0' ]<br/> - Found 10 version(s) in 'sourceB' [ Nearest version: '4.0.0-rc-2129' ]<br/> - Found 9 version(s) in 'sourceC' [ Nearest version: '3.0.0-beta-00032' ]<br/> - Found 0 version(s) in 'sourceD'<br/> - Found 0 version(s) in 'sourceE'

### Issue
The package identifier is found but a version within the specified dependency range cannot be found on any of the sources. The range might be specified by a package and not the user.

### Solution
Edit the project file to correct the package version. Also check that the [NuGet configuration](../../consume-packages/Configuring-NuGet-Behavior.md) identifies the package sources your expect to be using. You may need to change the requested version if this package is referenced by the project directly.

## Scenario 2

> Unable to find package 'PackageId' with version (>= 9.0.1)<br/> - Found 30 version(s) in 'sourceA' [ Nearest version: '4.0.0' ]<br/> - Versions from sourceB were not considered


### Issue
The package identifier is found but a version within the specified dependency range cannot be found on any of the sources. The range might be specified by a package and not the user.

### Solution

Edit the project file to correct the package version.
Check your [NuGet.Config](../../consume-packages/Configuring-NuGet-Behavior.md) for the [PackageSourceMapping](../../consume-packages/Package-Source-Mapping.md) configuration. The package version in question may be available on a source that is not configured.
