---
title: NuGet Warning NU1605
description: NU1605 warning code
author: zhili1208
ms.author: lzhi
ms.date: 06/25/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1605"
---

# NuGet Warning NU1605

## Example 1

> Detected package downgrade: 'PackageB' from 4.0.0 to 3.5.0. Reference the package directly from the project to select a different version.<br/>
> 'Project' -> 'PackageA' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageB' (>= 4.0.0)<br/>
> 'Project' -> 'PackageB' (>= 3.5.0)

### Issue

A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [direct-dependency-wins](../../concepts/dependency-resolution.md#direct-dependency-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the direct package version in the subgraph will override that of the distant packages with the same ID.

### Solution

To the project exhibiting the restore warning, add a package reference to the higher version of the package.

In the example above, you would change the package reference to `PackageB` 4.0.0:

> 'PackageA' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageB' 4.0.0
> 'PackageB' 4.0.0

## Example 2

> Detected package downgrade: 'PackageC' from 2.0.0 to 1.1.0. Reference the package directly from the project to select a different version.<br/>
> 'Project' -> 'PackageA' 1.0.0 -> 'PackageB' 2.0.0 ->'PackageC' (>= 2.0.0)<br/>
> 'Project' -> 'PackageA' 1.0.0 -> 'PackageC' (>= 1.1.0)

### Issue

A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [direct-dependency-wins](../../concepts/dependency-resolution.md#direct-dependency-wins) rule - when resolving packages, NuGet tries to honor the intent of the package author.
The author of `PackageA` has explicitly downgraded to `PackageC` 1.1.0 from `PackageC` 2.0.0.

### Solution

To the project exhibiting the restore warning, add a package reference to the higher version of the package.

In the example above, you would change the package reference to `PackageC` 2.0.0:

> 'PackageA' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageB' 4.0.0
> 'PackageB' 4.0.0

## Example 3

> Detected package downgrade: System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives from 4.3.0 to 4.0.1. Reference the package directly from the project to select a different version.</br>
>  Project -> System.IO.FileSystem 4.0.1 -> runtime.win.System.IO.FileSystem 4.3.0 -> System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives (>= 4.3.0)</br>
>  Project -> System.IO.FileSystem 4.0.1 -> System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives (>= 4.0.1)</br>

### Issue

Certain combinations of packages which shipped with .NET Core 1.0 and 1.1 are not compatible with each other when they are referenced together in a .NET Core 3.0 or higher project, and a RuntimeIdentifier is specified.  The problematic packages generally start with `System.` or `Microsoft.`, and have version numbers between 4.0.0 and 4.3.1.  In this case, the downgrade message will have a package starting with `runtime.<RID>` in the dependency chain.

### Solution

To work around this issue, add the following PackageReference:

```xml
<PackageReference Include="Microsoft.NETCore.Targets" Version="3.0.0" PrivateAssets="all" />
```

You may choose to use the `version` matching the the major version of your SDK.

## Example 4

> Detected package downgrade: Microsoft.NETCore.App from 2.1.8 to 2.1.0. Reference the package directly from the project to select a different version.<br/>
>   test -> mvc -> Microsoft.NETCore.App (>= 2.1.8)<br/>
>   test -> Microsoft.NETCore.App (>= 2.1.0)


### Issue

The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [direct-dependency-wins](../../concepts/dependency-resolution.md#direct-dependency-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of directly referenced package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.

### Solution

This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved by moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically. Also see [Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward](/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection).

> [!NOTE]
> While NU1605 is considered a warning by the NuGet tooling, the [.NET SDK](/dotnet/core/sdk) opts into treating this warning as an error through `WarningsAsErrors`.
> Your project may be upgrading this warning to an error by setting `TreatWarningsAsErrors` to `true`.
> While not recommended, as you are more likely to encounter runtime issues, you may choose to [suppress](../../consume-packages/Package-References-in-Project-Files.md#suppressing-nuget-warnings) this warning.

[!INCLUDE [nugetsolver-tool](../../includes/nugetsolver-tool.md)]
