---
title: NuGet Warning NU1604
description: NU1604 warning code
author: zhili1208
ms.author: lzhi
ms.date: 06/25/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1604"
---

# NuGet Warning NU1604

## Missing Package Version

> Project dependency 'PackageA' does not contain an inclusive lower bound. Include a lower bound in the dependency version to ensure consistent restore results.

### Issue

A project dependency doesn't define a version.<br/><br/>This means that restore used the lowest available version. Each restore will float downwards trying to find a lower version that can be used. This means that restore goes online to check all sources each time instead of using the packages that already exist in the user package folder.

### Solution

Find the `PackageReference` item that does not define the `Version` attribute and add it:

For example change from:

> `<PackageReference Include="PackageA" />`

to:

> `<PackageReference Include="PackageA" Version="9.0.0" />`

If the project is using [NuGet's Central Package Management (CPM)](../consume-packages/Central-Package-Management), you need to update the `<PackageVersion />` item in `Directory.Packages.props` and change from:

> `<PackageVersion Include="PackageA" />`

to:
> `<PackageVersion Include="PackageA" Version="9.0.0" />`

## Missing Inclusive Lower Bound

> Project dependency 'PackageA' (&lt;= 9.0.0) does not contain an inclusive lower bound. Include a lower bound in the dependency version to ensure consistent restore results.

### Issue
A project dependency doesn't define a lower bound.<br/><br/>This means that restore did not find the *best match*. Each restore will float downwards trying to find a lower version that can be used. This means that restore goes online to check all sources each time instead of using the packages that already exist in the user package folder.

### Solution
Update the project's `PackageReference` `Version` attribute to include a lower bound.
For example change from:

> `<PackageReference Version="(9.0.0, )" />`

to:

> `<PackageReference Version="[9.0.0, )" />`

or

> `<PackageReference Version="9.0.0" />`

which implies a lower bound.

If the project is using [NuGet's Central Package Management (CPM)](../consume-packages/Central-Package-Management), you need to update the `<PackageVersion />` item in `Directory.Packages.props` and change from:

> `<PackageVersion Include="PackageA" Version="(9.0.0, )" />`

to:
> `<PackageVersion Include="PackageA" Version="9.0.0" />`
