---
title: NuGet Warnings NU1901, NU1902, NU1903, NU1904
description: NU1901, NU1902, NU1903, NU1904 Warning codes
author: zivkan
ms.author: zivkan
ms.date: 7/19/2024
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords: 
  - NU1901
  - NU1902
  - NU1903
  - NU1904
---

# NuGet Warnings NU1901, NU1902, NU1903, NU1904

> warning NU1902: Package 'NuGet.Protocol' 5.11.2 has a known moderate severity vulnerability, https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-g3q9-xf95-8hp5

The warning code changes depending on the known vulnerability severity level:

|Warning Code|Severity|
|--|--|
|NU1901|low|
|NU1902|moderate|
|NU1903|high|
|NU1904|critical|

### Issue

A package restored for your project has a known vulnerability.

For more information, see [the documentation on auditing packages](../../concepts/Auditing-Packages.md).

### Solution

We have [a blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/nuget/nugetaudit-2-0-elevating-security-and-trust-in-package-management/) with more discussion about our recommended actions when your project uses a package with a known vulnerability, and tools that can help.

Upgrading to a newer version of the package is likely to resolve the warning.
If your project does not reference the package directly (it's a transitive package), [`dotnet nuget why`](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-why) can be used to understand which package caused it to be included in your project.
You can check the URL provided by the vulnerability advisory to see what versions of the package have been fixed, or check your configured package source(s) to see what versions of the package are available.
Visual Studio's package manager UI can show which package versions are affected and which do not have known vulnerabilities.

If these warnings are causing restore to fail because you are using `TreatWarningsAsErrors`, you can add `<WarningsNotAsErrors>NU1901;NU1902;NU1903;NU1904</WarningsNotAsErrors>` to allow these codes to remain as warnings.

If you do not wish to be notified of vulnerabilities that are less severe than a level you are comfortable with, you can edit the project file and add an MSBuild property `NuGetAuditLevel`, with value set to `low`, `moderate`, `high`, or `critical`.
For example, `<NuGetAuditLevel>high</NuGetAuditLevel>`.

If you would like to suppress a specific advisory, add an MSBuild [NuGetAuditSuppress](../../concepts/Auditing-Packages.md#excluding-advisories) item.
For example `<NuGetAuditSuppress Include="https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-g3q9-xf95-8hp5" />`.
`NuGetAuditSuppress` is available from [VS 17.11 and .NET 8.0.400 SDK](../../release-notes/NuGet-6.11.md) for projects using `PackageReference`, and from [VS 17.12](../../release-notes/NuGet-6.12.md) for projects using `packages.config`.

If you do not want NuGet to check for packages with known vulnerabilities during restore, add `<NuGetAudit>false</NuGetAudit>` inside a `<PropertyGroup>` in your project file, or a [`Directory.Build.props` file](/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-by-directory).
If you would like to run NuGet Audit on developer machines, but disable it on CI pipelines, you can take advantage of MSBuild importing environment variables, and create a NuGetAudit environment variable set to `false` in your pipeline definition.

For projects targeting the .NET 10 framework, the default setting for `NuGetAuditMode` is `all`.
This means that NuGet will report on transitive packages with known vulnerabilities for all frameworks in the project.
The value can be explicitly set to `direct` to revert back to .NET 9's default. Alternatively, [the property `SdkAnalysisLevel`](/dotnet/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props#sdkanalysislevel) can be set to `9.0.300` to temporarily disable all new warnings and errors introduced in newer versions of the SDK. Specifically in this case, the default value of `NuGetAuditMode` is changed back to `direct`.
