---
title: NuGet Warning NU1900
description: NU1900 Warning codes
author: zivkan
ms.author: zivkan
ms.date: 6/27/2023
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords: 
  - NU1900
---

# NuGet Warning NU1900

## Example 1

```text
warning NU1900: Error occurred while getting package vulnerability data: (more information)
```

### Issue

Vulnerability data could not be downloaded from one of the package sources.

### Solution

This warning generally means that there is a problem with the package source.

If the error is related to networking, such as unable to connect to server, a timeout, a DNS error, and so on, then retrying after waiting a few minutes might resolve the issue.
If you use a hosted package source, try checking their server status page to see if there is a known outage.

If the error is a JSON deserialization error, this suggests the package source returned invalid data to NuGet.
You can try clearing NuGet's HTTP cache (`dotnet nuget locals http-cache --clear` from the command line) and try again.
If issues persist, then contact the package source administrators.

For more information, see [the documentation on auditing packages](../../concepts/Auditing-Packages.md).

## Example 2

```text
warning NU1900: Package 'Contoso.Utilities' 1.0.0 has a known unknown severity vulnerability, https://cve.contoso.com/advisories/1
```

### Issue

The server provided vulnerability data for the package, but provided an invalid severity value.
If you know which package source provided the invalid data, you can contact the server administrators to inform them that their vulnerability data does not comply with [NuGet's server API](../../api/vulnerability-info.md).
Once packages have been restored into your global packages folder, you can comment out all but one package source in your `nuget.config` file, and re-run restore until you find which package source is providing the invalid data.
