---
title: NuGet Error NU3012
description: NU3012 Error code
author: mishra14
ms.author: jodou
ms.date: 8/16/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - NU3012
---

# NuGet Warning NU3012

## Scenario 1

> Package 'SamplePackage v1.0.0' from source 'https://contoso.com/index.json': The primary signature validation failed.

### Issue

NuGet client failed to verify the `SignedCms` signature present in the NuGet signature in the package.


### Solution

You can get more details about the problem by looking at the debug logs. If the problem persists, then please file an issue at [NuGet/Home](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues) along with the package that generated this problem.



## Scenario 2

> Package 'SamplePackage v1.0.0' from source 'https://contoso.com/index.json': The primary signature found a chain building issue:  A certificate chain processed, but terminated in a root certificate which is not trusted by the trust provider.

### Issue

NuGet client failed to verify the certificate chain for the signing certificate used to sign the package.


### Solution

Please ensure that the package signature has a valid certificate chain. You can verify the package signature by running the `nuget verify -signatures` command on the package. If the problem persists, then please file an issue at [NuGet/Home](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues) along with the package that generated this problem.


> [!Note]
> When NuGet’s [signature validation mode](../../consume-packages/installing-signed-packages.md#configure-package-signature-requirements) is set to accept (default), NU3012 is raised as a warning in most cases. 
> When NuGet’s signature validation mode is set to require, or when running the `nuget verify -signatures` command, NU3012 is elevated from a warning to an error. 
