---
title: NuGet Error NU3001
description: NU3001 Error code
author: mishra14
ms.author: jodou
ms.date: 8/16/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - NU3001
---

# NuGet Error NU3001

## Scenario 1

<pre>Invalid password was provided for the certificate file 'certificate.pfx'. Provide a valid password using the '-CertificatePassword' option.</pre>

### Issue

A password protected certificate file was provided to the NuGet Sign operation. But an invalid or no password was provided.


### Solution

If you are using a password protected certificate file to sign a NuGet package, then please use the `-CertificatePassword` option to pass the correct password.



## Scenario 2

<pre>Certificate file 'certificate.pfx' not found. For a list of accepted ways to provide a certificate, visit https://docs.nuget.org/docs/reference/command-line-reference.</pre>

### Issue

A certificate file was provided to the NuGet Sign operation. But the file does not exist on disk.


### Solution

Please ensure that any certificate file being used to sign a NuGet package exists on disk.



## Scenario 3

<pre>Certificate file 'random_file.txt' is invalid. For a list of accepted ways to provide a certificate, visit https://docs.nuget.org/docs/reference/command-line-reference.</pre>

### Issue

A certificate file was provided to the NuGet Sign operation, but the file is not a valid certificate file.


### Solution

Please ensure that any certificate file being used to sign a NuGet package is a valid certificate file.



## Scenario 4

<pre>Multiple certificates were found that meet all the given criteria. Use the '-CertificateFingerprint' option with the hash of the desired certificate.</pre>

### Issue

A certificate was suggested to the NuGet Sign command using the `-CertificateSubjectName` option. But multiple certificates were found to match the certificate subject name in the Windows certificate store.


### Solution

Please pass the '-CertificateFingerprint' option with the hash of the desired certificate to the NuGet Sign command to uniquely identify a certificate.



## Scenario 5

<pre>No certificates were found that meet all the given criteria. For a list of accepted ways to provide a certificate, visit https://docs.nuget.org/docs/reference/command-line-reference.</pre>

### Issue

A certificate was suggested to the NuGet Sign command using the `-CertificateSubjectName` option. But no certificate was found to match the certificate subject name in the Windows certificate store.


### Solution

Please ensure that you passing the right subject name filter, otherwise pass the '-CertificateFingerprint' option with the hash of the desired certificate to the NuGet Sign command to uniquely identify a certificate.



## Scenario 6

<pre>The following certificate cannot be used for package signing as the private key provider is unsupported:
  Subject Name: CN=Certificate Subject Name
  SHA1 hash: HASH
  SHA256 hash: HASH
  Issued by: Issuer Subject Name
  Valid from: 4/9/2016 5:00:00 PM to 4/14/2020 5:00:00 AM</pre>

### Issue

A certificate was passed to the NuGet Sign command which has an unsupported pribvate key provider. 


### Solution

Currently, due to framework limitations, NuGet sign command does not support CNG key private key provider. Please use a certificate with a CAPI private key provider.



## Scenario 7

<pre>The package already contains a signature. Remove the existing signature before adding a new signature.</pre>

### Issue

NuGet Sign command was used to sign a package which already has a package signature.


### Solution

Please ensure that you are signing an unsigned package. If the package is already signed, then please use `-Overwrite` option to overwrite an existing signature.


