---
title: NuGet Warning NU3037
description: NU3037 Warning code
author: heng-liu
ms.author: henli
ms.date: 3/18/2019
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: dtivel
f1_keywords: 
  - NU3037
---

# NuGet Warning NU3037

### Issue

A NuGet package signature has expired.
A package signature shares the same validity period as the certificate used to generate the signature. A package signature is invalid outside of that validity period.
To ensure long-term validity --- even beyond the signing certificate’s validity period --- a package signature should be timestamped with a trusted timestamp. Trusted timestamps must be added while a package signature is still valid and not expired.

On Windows only, NU3037 may occur the first time a root certificate is observed and with the message "The repository primary signature validity period has expired."  If the issue is resolved with retries, [there is an option which may help](../Signed-Package-Verification-Options.md#retry-untrusted-root-failures).

### Solution

* Resign the package with a non-expired certificate. Optionally, add a trusted timestamp at the time of signing to ensure long-term validity of the signature.
* For accept mode only, ignore the warning.

> [!Note]
> When NuGet’s [signature validation mode](../../consume-packages/installing-signed-packages.md#configure-package-signature-requirements) is set to accept (default), a package with an expired package signature is treated as an unsigned package and installed anyway. NU3037 is raised as a warning. 
> When NuGet’s signature validation mode is set to require, or when running the `nuget verify -signatures` command, NU3037 is elevated from a warning to an error. 
