---
title: NuGet Error NU3004
description: NU3004 Error code
author: mishra14
ms.author: jodou
ms.date: 8/16/2018
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: anangaur
f1_keywords: 
  - NU3004
---

# NuGet Error NU3004

## Scenario 1

> Package 'SamplePackage v1.0.0' from source 'https://contoso.com/index.json': The package is not signed.
> Package 'SamplePackage v1.0.0' from source 'https://contoso.com/index.json': signatureValidationMode is set to require, so packages are allowed only if signed by trusted signers; however, this package is unsigned.

### Issue

**If from `nuget verify -signatures`**

NuGet client tried to verify an unsigned package.

**If from restore or install when specifying `signatureValidationMode` to `require`**

The `require` validation mode does not support unsigned package and an unsigned package is trying to be installed.

### Solution

Please ensure that any package intended to be installed or passed to `nuget verify -signatures` command contains a package signature.

## Scenario 2

> Package 'SamplePackage v1.0.0' from source 'https://contoso.com/index.json': This repository indicated that all its packages are repository signed; however, this package is unsigned.

### Issue

The repository indicated that all its packages are repository signed. However, an unsigned package was downloaded.

### Solution

> [!Warning]
> This error may happen due to a bug when using multiple NuGet clients (see [NuGet/Home#7997](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/7997)). Please upgrade to nuget.exe 5.1.0 or newer, Visual Studio 2019 16.1 or newer, and .NET SDK 2.1.70X or 2.2.30X or newer.

You can check if a package is signed using the [`dotnet nuget verify`](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-verify) or [`nuget verify`](../cli-reference/cli-ref-verify.md) commands. If the package is unsigned, please contact the package source as this is unexpected.
