---
title: NuGet Warning NU5127
description: NU5127 Warning code
author: zivkan
ms.date: 05/05/2025
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords: 
  - NU5127
---

# NuGet Warning NU5127

> This package does not contain a lib/ or ref/ folder, and will therefore be treated as compatible for all frameworks. Since framework specific files were found under the build/ directory for net45, netstandard2.0, consider creating the following empty files to correctly narrow the compatibility of the package:<br/>
> -lib/net45/_._<br/>
> -lib/netstandard2.0/_._

### Issue

Projects using packages with `PackageReference` only use `lib/` and `ref/` assemblies to determine package compatibility.
Therefore, a package without any `lib/` or `ref/` files will be considered compatible with all projects.
However, packages containing MSBuild props or targets that are specific to one or more target frameworks show intent in only being compatible with those target frameworks.

For example, consider a package `PackageA` contains a single file, `build/net8.0/PackageA.targets`.
If this package is referenced by a project targeting `net48` (.NET Framework, Version 4.8), NuGet will not emit any warnings or errors, but also will not select any assets from the package.
Therefore, the package consumer will not be notified that the package does not work correctly with their project.

### Solution

As the warning message suggests, create an empty file named `_._` in the lib folder for the TFMs listed.
This will allow NuGet to fail the restore for `PackageReference` projects when the project is incompatible with the package.

If your package is intended to be compatible with all target frameworks, but only take effect for certain target frameworks, create a file `build/{PackageId}.props` whose contents are `<Project />`.
