---
title: NuGet Warning NU5129
description: NU5129 Warning code
author: zivkan
ms.date: 09/19/2019
ms.topic: reference
ms.reviewer: karann
f1_keywords: 
  - NU5129
---

# NuGet Warning NU5129

> At least one .&lt;extension&gt; file was found in '&lt;build_folder&gt;/&lt;tfm&gt;/', but '&lt;build_folder&gt;/&lt;tfm&gt;/&lt;package_id&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;' was not.

`<extension>` is one of: `targets`, `props`.
`<build_folder>` is one of: `build`, `buildTransitive`, `buildCrossTargeting`, `buildMultiTargeting`.
`<tfm>` is a [Target Framework Moniker](../target-frameworks.md), or may be absent.
`<package_id>` is the [package identifier](../nuspec.md#id) of your package.

Examples:

> At least one .targets file was found in 'build/netstandard2.0/', but 'build/netstandard2.0/MyPackage.targets' was not.

> At least one .props file was found in 'build/netstandard2.0/', but 'build/netstandard2.0/MyPackage.props' was not.

> At least one .props file was found in 'buildTransitive/net472/', but 'buildTransitive/net472/My.Package.Id.props' was not.

> At least one .targets file was found in 'buildMultitargeting/netcoreapp3.0/', but 'buildMultitargeting/netcoreapp3.0/Contoso.Utilities.
targets' was not.

> At least one .props file was found in 'build/', but 'build/AdventureWorks.Tools.props' was not.

### Issue

Packages that [include MSBuild props and targets](../../create-packages/creating-a-package.md#include-msbuild-props-and-targets-in-a-package) need to follow the naming convention of using the package id before the `.props` or `.targets` extension. Files that do not follow this convention will not be imported into projects that use the package.

Example: If the package id is `Contoso.Utilities` and contains the files `build/Contoso.Utilities.props` and `build/Utilities.targets`, only the `Contoso.Utilities.props` file will be imported into projects using the package. `Utilities.targets` will not be imported by NuGet.

### Solution

Rename the file to meet the convention.

In the above example, `build/netstandard2.0/Utilities.targets` should be renamed to `build/netstandard2.0/Contoso.Utilities.targets` for NuGet to start importing it. If `Utilities.targets` is being imported in `Contoso.Utilities.props`, then rename the file to use the `.props` extension as well.
